Many of my math classes, I took them all right up through difference equations,
and I'm glad that I took all of those classes, differential
equations like wrapped everything up. It's like ah this is what we've
been studying our whole entire lives since elementary school for,
I finally get it. But I haven't used any of it at all. Yes you have
to know a little bit of chemistry when you see like the nuclear power
gauge like move up and down and stuff. You kind of know like where
the calculus is in that, but I I never use it I just know it's there
and all that effort just to understand why a gauge like moves up
and down like acceleration and stuff like it's, yeah there are other
things I could have learned to help me you know. But math but I'm
not gonna tell kids not to learn math so. But I never used it, you're
never gonna use it yeah. You might use it sometimes you know, not
all this stuff you're gonna learn.